Added pvd marker for HTTPS/SVCB records (#285)
tfpauly/privacy-proxy: draft-ietf-intarea-proxy-config.md

"prefixes" keys. For proxy PvDs as defined in this document, the "identifier" MUST
match the hostname of the HTTP proxy. The "prefixes" array SHOULD be empty by default.

## Discovery via HTTPS/SVCB Records {#svcparamkey}

To allow clients to determine whether PvD Additional Information is available for a given proxy,
this document defines a new SvcParamKey in HTTPS and SVCB DNS records defined in {{!SVCB-DNS=RFC9460}}.

Presence of this SvcParamKey, named `pvd` indicates that the proxy host supports PvD discovery via
the well-known PvD URI ".well-known/pvd" defined in {{Section 4.1 of PVDDATA}}. The presence of this
key in an HTTPS or SVCB record signals that the proxy's PvD Additional Information can be fetched

> using the "https" scheme from the proxy host on port 443 using the `.well-known/pvd` path. The presentation and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
using the "https" scheme from the proxy host on port 443 using the well-known path. The presentation and
```

"prefixes" keys. For proxy PvDs as defined in this document, the "identifier" MUST
match the hostname of the HTTP proxy. The "prefixes" array SHOULD be empty by default.

## Discovery via HTTPS/SVCB Records {#svcparamkey}

To allow clients to determine whether PvD Additional Information is available for a given proxy,
this document defines a new SvcParamKey in HTTPS and SVCB DNS records defined in {{!SVCB-DNS=RFC9460}}.

Presence of this SvcParamKey, named `pvd` indicates that the proxy host supports PvD discovery via
the well-known PvD URI ".well-known/pvd" defined in {{Section 4.1 of PVDDATA}}. The presence of this
key in an HTTPS or SVCB record signals that the proxy's PvD Additional Information can be fetched

> using the "https" scheme from the proxy authority at the well-known path. The presentation and

Reviewer: Yup, makes sense
```suggestion
using the "https" scheme from the proxy host on port 443 using the `.well-known/pvd` path. The presentation and
```
